it was a pretty pretty miserable day
here in Los Angeles we had another
wildfire broke out in the middle of
night last night thousands of people had
to be evacuated from their homes even
LeBron James had to flee his home he
went on Twitter here oh man these la
fires are no joke had to emergency
evacuate my house and I've been driving
around my family trying to get rooms no
luck so far
LeBron did finally find a place this I
feel like LeBron could have knocked on
any door in LA yeah
bottarga closed this place by the fires
here and up north hasn't become an
annual tradition every October we travel
to Brooklyn when we come back the whole
places on fire after a week-long
residency at the Brooklyn Academy of
Music last week and I love LA I really
do but it was nice to go a whole week
without seeing a dog in a purse it
really was Jim oh you had fun in
Brooklyn all right yeah a lot of fun Jim
yeah how many how much did you weigh
yourself when you got home no no yeah
I'm afraid not yet I'm afraid
do you have any guesses as how much you
gained maybe six seven pounds yeah easy
yeah we're like a couple of pinatas
running around Brooklyn is president
Trump took a little field trip last
night to Game five of the World Series
between the Astros and the Washington
Nationals in DC this is his first
appearance at a baseball game since
taking office and take a look at this
time envision moment because now look at
watch how happy he is when he notices
he's on screen area I am
and now keep going
thank you
usually to get brewed that much in a
sporting event Washington DC you have to
play for the Redskins but somehow I
guess the orange skins qualify as well
it was not a friendly crowd for a Trump
tour or a number of impeach signs in the
crowd and the fans even broke into their
own version of one of his favorite
chants you know he's gonna be throwing
himself a big rally in Alabama after
that the Bigham feel great again but but
it was a better weekend than most of
them for the president we knew something
was up on Saturday night when he posted
this cryptic message something very big
has just happened and of course we were
all wondering what could this be was
Dino kid rock named Secretary of State
did Popeyes come out with a new type of
chicken sandwich the suspense was almost
unbearable and then Sunday morning just
as the Morning News shows went on the
air a trump announced that US Special
Forces had killed the leader of Isis the
world's most wanted terrorist Abu Bakr
al Baghdadi is back dead eat now and
they got him during a raid in Syria now
President Trump was reportedly golfing
when they went in the raid started at
3:30 p.m. according to his schedule
Trump was playing golf at his course in
Northern Virginia Saturday until a
little after 3:00 didn't make it back to
the White House until 4:18 but here's my
bet on that
I don't know but there's no way the
military told him what day this raid was
happening right because he immediately
would have tweeted guess what's going on
I mean
and this is just a gift but I think he
okayed the idea of raid and they started
it without him the same way you don't
tell grandpa about a surprise party even
way the White House released this photo
this photo was taken at 5:05 about an
hour and a half after the raid started
you can see here the president and his
team watching or pretending to watch
from the Situation Room which is a mess
Bible where their next mission should be
to send Marie Kondo in there to
straighten those cables up but so the
next morning after they got the guy you
know he was so happy a triumphant
president addressed the nation to share
this very good news in a surprisingly
tasteful and dare I say presidential way
Baghdady and the losers who worked for
her and losers they are they had no idea
what they were getting into in some
cases they were very frightened puppies
wait he's killing puppies now because he
died like a dog he died like a coward
he was whimpering screaming and crying
he died like a dog what does that even
mean he died like eight look he
accidentally ate one of those giant
sized Hershey bars what happened this
stuff about crying and whimpering is an
unusually specific detail for a
president to share so a reporter
followed up to ask how specifically he
knew that then she'd be the whimpering
of a bag daddy I don't want to talk
about it but he was screaming crying and
whimpering all right so probably maybe
he imagined that I don't know the
defense secretary and the chairman the
Joint Chiefs of Staff said they didn't
hear whimpering maybe he was hearing
Mike Pence whimpering in the corner is
that possible
the president was all over the place he
was in full drag daddy mode he even led
so far as to compare the terrorists to
himself you know these people are very
smart they're not into the use of
cellphones anymore they're not they're
very technically brilliant you know they
use the Internet
better than almost anybody in the world
perhaps other than Donald Trump so if
you're keeping scored the top two users
of the Internet are number one Donald
Trump and number two Isis he's had his
sights set on al Baghdadi's for some
time now which is why he was so excited
to get this done I've been looking at
this for three years they'd come in sir
we have somebody under I said I don't
want somebody I want I'll beg daddy
that's the one I want they say well we
have somebody else I said that's great
fine take him out but I want to L begged
Eddie that's who I want I don't want
other people and then I also wanted
Hamza bin Laden because he's a young man
around 30 looks just like his father
tall very handsome
it's as if he's he's booking a new
season of the Celebrity Apprentice he's
a lot like his father's cover and by the
way before he takes too much credit for
this Donald Trump should probably read
these tweets from someone named Donald
Trump who in 2012 tweeted Obama deserves
much less credit for the killing of bin
Laden the praise goes to our brave
military intelligence officers why don't
we ask the Navy SEALs who killed bin
Laden they don't seem to be happy with
Obama claiming credit all he did is say
ok and stop congratulating Obama for
killing Osama bin Laden the Navy SEALs
killed bin Laden see there's no one
better at using the internet than him
think he even knows he wrote that stuff
but by the way when Obama went on TV to
announce that they'd killed bin Laden
and he spoke for nine and a half minutes
Trump yesterday did 48 minutes on this
and for further comparison we thought it
might be fun to match up Trump's speech
about al Baghdady
with Obama's about bin Laden and we were
right it was the United States has
conducted an operation that killed Osama
bin Laden Abu Bakar al Baghdadi is dead
the United States launched a targeted
operation against that compound they did
a lot of shooting blaster even not going
through the front door you know you
think you go through the door if you're
a normal person you say knock knock may
I come in firefight they killed Osama
bin Laden and took custody of his body
he died like a dog but his death does
not mark the end of our effort a
beautiful dog you give thanks for the
men who carried out this operation and I
don't get any credit for this but that's
okay I never do here we are
may God bless you and may God bless the
United States of America and I'm writing
a book hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is
the Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it